Added Reference section, Glossary, removed non-inclusive language. (#1389)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.15/reference/glossary.md

## Admission Webhook

[In Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/), an HTTP callback that handle admission requests. KEDA uses an admission webhook to validate and mutate ScaledObject resources.

## Agent

A primary role held by the KEDA operator. The Agent activates and deactivates Kubernetes Deployments to scale to and from zero.

## Cluster

[In Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?fundamental=true#term-cluster), a set of one or more nodes that run containerized applications.

## CRD 

Custom Resource Definition. [In Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/glossary/?fundamental=true#term-CustomResourceDefinition), a custom resource that extends the Kubernetes API with custom resources like ScaledObjects that have custom fields and behavior.

## Event

A notable occurrence captured by an event source that KEDA may use as a trigger to scale a container or deployment.

## Event Source

An external system like Kafka, RabbitMQ, that generates events that KEDA can monitor using a scaler.

## Grafana

An open-source monitoring platform that can visualize metrics collected by KEDA.

> ## GRPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## gRPC Remote Procedure Calls (gRPC)
```

> Go Remote Procedure Call. An open-source remote procedure call framework used by KEDA components to communicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gRPC Remote Procedure Calls (gRPC). An open-source remote procedure call framework used by KEDA components to communicate.
```
